Info on Hassio installation (#21114)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/emulated_hue.markdown

</div>

### Integration

> Once configured on HomeAssistant, you can add new devices from Alexa App, choosing Philips Hue from the famous devices list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once configured on Home Assistant, you can add new devices from Alexa App, choosing Philips Hue from the famous devices list.
```

Please note that your path may be different depending on your installation method. For example, if you followed the [Virtualenv instructions](/docs/installation/virtualenv/), your path will be `/srv/homeassistant/bin/python3`.

##### Hassio

> Nothing special to do on Hassio, the server is already enabled to serve on port 80

Reviewer: The documentation should be adjusted to handle the Home Assistant OS, Supervised & Container installations by default (as those are the most used installation types).

Additionally, `Hassio` isn't a term used anymore (for a long time already). It is ambiguous.
